NON-FINANCIAL  
PERFORMANCE  
STATEMENT 
2021 
Together, beyond animal health
©iCatCare:Jason-NG
SUMMARY
DPEF / 2021
2
     FOREWORD .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  03
1 - 
IMPLEMENTING SOCIAL RESPONSABILITY  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 04  
1.A / Our approach to CSR : Targeting and monitoring our commitments .   .   .   . 04 
1.B / Our business model  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   05 
1.C / Our non-financial risks and opportunities  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   06 
2 - 
RELYING ON OUR EMPLOYEES  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  07  
TO SUPPORT OUR GROWTH 
2.A / Our employees’ health and physical safety .  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   08 
2.B / Employee independance, responsability and development  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 11  
2.C / Quality of labor-management dialogue  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 13
3 - 
MAINTAINING THE TRUST  .  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  14 
OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS  
3.A / Product quality and safety .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   15 
3.B / Responsible purchasing .  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   16 
3.C / Ethics and animal welfare .  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   19
4 - 
REDUCING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  23 
4.A / Implementation of CSR and HSE governance .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   24 
4.B / Carbon footprint, consumption and waste management  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   24 
4.C / Environmental audits .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 25
5 - 
RESPECT FOR HUMAN  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  26 
RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTALS FREEDOMS  
5.A / Personal data .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 27 
5.B / Human rights  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   28
6 - 
ENSURING ETHICS AND  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  29 
FIGHTING CORRUPTION 
6.A / A commitment to business ethics and anti-corruption measures  .   .   .   .   .   30 
6.B / Promoting ethical and anti-corruption rules and culture .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   30 
6.C / Preventing risks and investigating ethics and corruption issues .   .   .   .   .   .   . 31
7 - CORRELATION TABLE  .  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  32 
8 - METHODOLOGICAL NOTE  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   33 
9 - ITP OPINION  .  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  35
As required under Article L.225-102-1 of the French Commercial Code, this 
non-financial performance statement (NFPS) presents the Group’s business 
model (section 1.b), its primary non-financial risks (section 1. c) as well as the 
policies applied to help prevent these risks and their consequences. 
The Ethics and Compliance Department and the Corporate Affairs and Commu-
nication Department are responsible for the preparation of this NFPS. 
The compliance and accuracy of the information provided in this NFPS is verified 
by an independent, accredited external organization (section 9).
For Ceva, the NFPS is more than a mere regulatory obligation; it is also a tool 
for managing its non-financial impacts. The NFPS brings together the initia-
tives taken as part of the various business activities of the Group and its local 
subsidiaries, and reports on the Group’s performance relative to its strategy, as 
applied to the field of Corporate Social and Environmental Responsibility (CSR). 
FOREWORD
DPEF / 2021
3
1.A  	 OUR APPROACH TO CSR: 
TARGETING AND MONITORING 
OUR COMMITMENTS
Throughout its history, Ceva has remained 
committed to these core topics: our staff, 
quality, and animal welfare
For several years now, Ceva has been able to pinpoint the 
sustainability issues most strongly linked to its business 
model and its strategy. The Group thus conducts a well-es-
tablished human resources policy to ensure the health and 
safety of its employees, their development, and the quality 
of labor-management dialogue. Ceva has also always set 
guidelines for product quality and safety commensurate 
with the strategic importance of those issues. For many 
years now, Ceva has taken a proactive approach to animal 
welfare as well. 
2018 – early 2020: ethics, compliance and risk 
mapping provide the foundation for our CSR 
approach
In 2018, Ceva adopted its Code of Ethics and Good Conduct 
and prepared its first CSR report. The following year, the 
Group implemented a system to ensure the security of per-
sonal data in order to achieve compliance with the General 
Personal Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). 
In early 2020, Ceva performed an initial analysis of its 
non-financial risks, considering their impact on its business 
activity and on its stakeholders, and the probability of their 
occurrence. The Group prepared its first non-financial per-
formance statement for the 2019 financial year in 2020, 
presenting the policies and procedures in place to identify, 
prevent, and reduce the impact of its non-financial risks. 
Ceva has also improved its approach to the definition and 
reporting of performance indicators. Several performance 
indicators were thus published in the 2020 report, and the 
structural work for its all-risk approach is ongoing.
2020: Ceva conducts its «CSR transition» in the 
context of the Covid-19 crisis
The year 2020 was marked by the pandemic, and the actions 
taken by Ceva to protect employees and their families and 
make its contribution to regional social welfare programs. 
The crisis put the Group’s values into action, and gave rise 
to profound cross-sector cooperation among the teams. 
This unprecedented situation also accelerated certain 
transformations that Ceva had already embarked upon. 
For example, certain changes to working methods required 
for health security also contributed to strengthening our
DPEF / 2021
4
IMPLEMENTING  
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY  
1.
culture of independence and responsibility. Among the 
other major advances that were made in 2020, Ceva also 
strengthened the governance of its animal welfare policy, 
working toward creating a charter and assembling a 
network of dedicated managers.  
It was a year of transition, one that thrust Ceva into the 
«post-pandemic world», 2020 became the first financial 
year for which the Group published its key non-financial 
performance indicators and its carbon footprint for scopes 
1 and 2: the values thus obtained now form the benchmark 
for the achievement and expansion of the objectives that 
Ceva has set itself, and for the progress to be made in the 
years to come. 
Ceva strengthens its CSR approach with new 
commitments for 2021
The carbon footprint for scopes 1 and 2 was extended to the 
entire group in 2021, and Ceva has also begun working on 
preparing the carbon footprint for indirect emissions across 
its entire value chain (scope 3). The initial results will come 
out in the first quarter of 2022, and will allow the Group to 
map its primary indirect impact sites in order to focus its 
efforts at those locations in the future. Ceva also wishes 
to strengthen its environmental commitment, in order to 
limit the environmental impact of its activities. The Group 
is working as well to give more visibility and impetus to its 
animal welfare policy. The company intends to put sustai-
nability and sustainable development at the heart of its 
business. One of the results of this has been the creation 
of a new position covering CSR activities on the Executive 
Management Committee. In 2022, Ceva intends to adopt 
clear reduction objectives set in a realistic time frame.
Our thematic networks and CSR experts
Sustainable development is one of Ceva’s ambitions, and 
that’s why it has established multiple teams and commu-
nities to head up the various components of its CSR policy: 
HSE teams (Health, Safety and Environment), Human 
Resources teams, the Ethics and Compliance Department, 
Quality Managers, local animal welfare ethics committees, 
a Group-level Data Protection Officer (DPO) and a personal 
data security correspondents network. 
In 2019, Ceva established a CSR reporting team and cor-
respondents network. This team implements the proce-
dures and tools for non-financial reporting. It coordinates 
reporting campaigns, identifies the progress made and key 
events in each field, and oversees the key indicators report. 
It also provides perspective on the various fields to improve 
their visibility, and oversees the establishment of quantified 
objectives. This team is now under the supervision of the 
Corporate Affairs and Communication Department.
1.B  OUR BUSINESS MODEL
Our strenghts
Together, beyond
animal health
The value we create
Injectables
Tablets
Liquids
Implants
Vaccines
Autovaccines
Swine
Ruminants
Powders
Direct presence in 
46 countries
Leader in France 
and #5 at  
global level
Plenty of diversified talents
More than 6,300 employees, 46% female
• Industrial: 37%	       • I&D: 11 %
• Commercial: 39%      • Other: 14%
Driving innovation and engineering
A robust supply chain
An international and multimodal 
distribution chain
Partnership synergy
15 I&D sites1
of active raw materials
- serums , diluents, excipients - 
consumables and services
Distributors, cooperatives and resellers  
(specialty stores, e-commerce)
With our shareholders, investors, regulatory 
agencies, subsidiaries and contractors
28 production sites2
79.8% gender pay equality
96.5% of employees took training courses 	 	
	
in 20215
54kT CO2 eq. emissions, scopes 1 and 2
€100 Million invested in I&D in 2021
2021 revenue: €1.4 Billion
Commercial presence in 110 countries
CSR Performance
Main customers: 
veterinarians - farmers - pet owners
Sharing of expertise 
Digitization: website & applications
Commercial and scientific partnerships
Towards sustained growth, balanced between 
prevention and treatment 
24,000 suppliers
€771 million in purchases made in 20213
Poultry
Companion 
Animals
1 excluding CRO (Contract Research Organization) partners       2 industrial sites and auto-vaccine sites        3 excluding factory acquisitions         4 Campus: a site including both R&D and production activities       5 Within France
DPEF / 2021
5
Thème
Risk
Objective
Policy and 
indicators
 2 - INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS
Employee health 
and safety
Failure to protect the health and safety of 
employees in the workplace
To guarantee employees’ physical and moral 
integrity and reduce the number of accidents 
in the workplace, thus reducing the number 
of work stoppages 
2.A
Development of 
employee skills
Inadequate management of employee 
skills leading to a lack of commitment and 
weakened implementation of the strategy 
To bring job descriptions, career path 
management and skillsets into alignment; to 
promote professional training 
2.B
Labor-management 
dialogue
Deterioration of dialogue between em-
ployer and employees
To promote labor-management dialogue so 
as to help prevent tension in labor relations
2.C
3 - SOCIETY
Product quality 
and safety
Lack of product quality and safety
To ensure the quality and safety of products 
at all stages of their life cycle in order to avoid 
risks to animal and human health (ineffective-
ness, danger)
3.A
Responsible 
purchasing
Failure to apply the principles of the 
«Responsible Supplier Relations» Charter 
adopted by Ceva 
To ensure that the 10 commitments of the 
Charter are properly applied in the Purcha-
sing process 
3.B
Ethics and animal 
welfare
Failure to ensure animal welfare in the 
context of activities
To strengthen animal welfare standards and 
policies
3.C
 
DPEF / 2021
6
1.C  OUR NON-FINANCIAL RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES 
Our primary non-financial risks
In January 2020, Ceva defined the non-financial risks associated with its business model: risks related to industrial relations, 
environment, society, human rights and corruption. The Ethics and Compliance Department and the Risk Management 
Department performed a joint analysis of these risks. They then selected ten major risks, based on their relevance and 
their impact relative to the Group’s activities. 
4 - ENVIRONMENT
Environmental 
footprint
Lack of control of environmental 
impacts
To reduce emissions into air, water and soil
4
6 - ÉTHICS
Business ethics
Failure to conduct business in accordance 
with principles of integrity and laws on 
corruption. 
To detect and take measures to prevent acts 
contrary to business ethics. 
6
5 - HUMAN RIGHTS
Personal data
Failure to protect the personal data of em-
ployees, customers and shareholders. 
To ensure the protection of personal data and 
detect breaches likely to lead to their loss or 
fraudulent use.
5.A
Human rights and 
labor rights
Failure to protect the human rights of 
employees and to monitor human rights 
in the supply chain
To prevent violations of human rights; to 
prevent risks associated with human rights 
violations in the supply chain
5.B
DPEF / 2021
7
RELYING ON OUR 
EMPLOYEES TO SUPPORT 
OUR GROWTH 
2.
Ceva relies on its teams to implement its ambition for growth. The 
safety and well-being of our employees are the prerequisites for the 
relationships of respect and trust our business project rests upon. 
Ceva takes great care to provide its employees with a healthy and safe 
working environment. During the health crisis, this requirement has 
given rise to multiple actions. This unprecedented year also shed new 
light on the second core principle of Ceva’s human resources policy: 
employee development. The disruption of our working methods helped 
accelerate the growth of a culture of independence and accountability. 
Ceva encourages labor-management dialogue as part of a constructive 
approach to a shared business project.
SOCIAL
Ceva is committed to making every effort to guarantee a 
safe and healthy working environment for its employees 
and partners. The Group reiterates this commitment in 
its Code of Ethics and Good Conduct, making clear that 
everyone is responsible for ensuring the health and safety 
of others, whether employees or third parties.
Ceva undertakes in particular to: 
• 
Protect employee health and safety by providing employees 
with training and information, social welfare agreements, 
preventive measures such as periodic medical examinations, 
ergonomic workstation planification, prevention of hazardous 
or arduous work, workplace accident prevention, etc.;
• 
Working conditions: environment, equipment, ergo-
nomics, workplace decisions, etc.;
• 
Prevention of sexual harassment, workplace harassment, 
and workplace violence;
• Psychosocial risk prevention
Prevention and solidarity in the health crisis
In order to protect employees from the Covid-19 pan-
demic and ensure their ability to continue working in 
optimal occupational health conditions, Ceva imple-
mented a series of actions: 
• 
Preventive measures to avoid the spread of the epidemic 
in the workplace: voluntary body temperature checks, 
distribution of masks, gels and disinfectant products, 
distancing of workstations, staff occupancy limits in 
common spaces, protocols for proper ventilation in the 
premises, and protocols for visits by third parties; 

• 
A protocol with procedures to be followed in case of 
infection or for contact cases, including support for 
employees and their families (establishment of a soli-
darity fund managed by committees);
• 
Implementation of part-time remote work, deployment 
of tools required for proper teleworking conditions, and 
increased remote meetings;
• 
Solidarity initiatives: production of sanitizing gel, distri-
bution of masks and sanitizing gel to employee families, 
customers, and to hospitals, and provision of accessory 
supplies (gowns, scrub caps, etc.) to medical staff.
The Covid-19 Risk Prevention Plan was directed by the Risk 
Management Department, with the close collaboration of 
the HSE (Health, Safety and Environment) managers at 
each site and support from the Human Resources teams.
2.A  OUR EMPLOYEES’ HEALTH  
AND PHYSICAL SAFETY 
DPEF / 2021
8
Control of health and safety risks on cam-
puses and at industrial sites
Ceva has listed the main sector-specific health and safety 
risks to which employees are exposed. These risks are 
mainly of two types:  
• risks associated with the handling of chemical products; 
• physical risk associated with the mechanical operation 
of machines within production or laboratory areas, high-
pressure steam, or heavy load handling.
The health and safety of employees on campuses and 
industrial sites are the responsibility of the industrial 
management. Locally, the HSE
(health, safety and environment) teams, both internal 
and external, are responsible for: HSE risk prevention, 
regulatory compliance
 with regulations, implementation of safety, awareness 
and training of employees.
Ceva brings together the HSE managers of production 
sites worldwide into an HSE community. The community 
meets twice a month under the guidance of the industrial
industrial management and shares its tools and best 
practices via a dedicated interface. The frequency and 
severity rates are monitored at the campus and site 
levels and consolidated at Group level. The results of the 
campuses and sites and the related action plans are 
included in the monthly campus performance perfor-
mance review. The consolidated indicators are analysed 
by the Executive Committee on a monthly basis during 
the performance reviews.
In 2021, the scope of monitoring health and safety indi-
cators has been has been extended to the entire Group 
workforce (vs. 2020 which covered the GMSQ activities).
A Culture of Accident Prevention 
Ceva’s goal is «zero accidents.» Beyond its technical invest-
ments in safety and organizational measures, the Group is 
also developing a culture of accident prevention. 
Since 2010, the three sites in France - located at Laval, 
Loudéac and Libourne - have progressively enrolled 
in the «Playsafe» training program. It uses various 
different drivers of prevention - technical, organizational, 
managerial and behavioral - and draws upon the skills 
and behavior of all participants, both employees and 
managers, to help them become involved and aware of 
their responsibilities. 
Health, Safety and Environment («HSE») 
industrial audits
The Risk Department has established a program of HSE 
audits, conducted at its sites by independent interna-
tional inspectors. Since 2017, eleven (11) audits have been 
conducted, covering the most strategic sites. The audit 
campaign was suspended in 2020 due to the Covid-19 
crisis, and will resume as soon as health security condi-
tions allow. 
The Risk Department also conducts internal audits, with 
increased scrutiny of fire risks and compliance with 
emergency plans. Each site is audited on average every 
3 years. This audit campaign has also been suspended 
since 2020 due to the Covid-19 crisis. 
Finally, the Risk Department also monitors corrective 
actions taken to address the audit findings, and reports 
on those actions to the Manufacturing Division and to 
Risk Management.
DPEF / 2021
9
Working conditions and well-being  
Ceva believes that dedication to the business project and 
employee well-being are drivers of engagement, and the-
refore of collective performance.
Furthermore, the group is convinced that by cultivating its 
connection to all its employees and the quality of dialogue 
at the local level, everyone’s concerns can be made known, 
and thus better addressed by working together.
Ceva has therefore decided to consult with its employees on 
a regular basis in order to take the pulse of the organization 
and jointly develop action plans to improve the employee 
experience, particularly in terms of working conditions and 
well-being.
Starting in 2017, a major employee satisfaction and com-
mitment survey, entitled “We Share,” has been conducted at 
group level. The results of the first of these surveys made 
it possible to refocus the group’s HR strategy around six 
main priorities: improving the new hire intake, clarifying 
the standard operating procedures for each occupa-
tional division, strengthening skill development systems, 
streamlining communications, improving working condi-
tions, and strengthening individual and collective employee 
recognition. This collaborative, inclusive, characteristically 
teamwork-oriented approach allowed for the reconstruction 
of a comprehensive picture, supplemented by local presen-
tations of results achieved and in-depth workshops.
As a result of the health crisis, Ceva postponed the second 
edition of its global engagement survey, initially scheduled 
for 2020. The Group has preferred to conduct satisfaction 
surveys in a shorter format, focusing on how its teams have 
experienced the Covid-19 period, crisis management, and 
the implementation of new working methods. Thus the 
group conducted three «Pulse» surveys in spring of 2020, 
in January 2021, and again in December 2021, asking 
employees to reflect on their concerns, and on how the 
company was handling the Covid crisis (satisfaction with the 
group’s communication, perception of the group’s collective 
response, etc.), encouraging them to give feedback. The two 
surveys held in 2021 also focused on how teleworking was 
being implemented and how it was impacting employees, 
as well as on the societal objectives that the company sought 
to set for itself. The feedback thus obtained, which only stren-
gthened Ceva’s willingness to pursue its societal and envi-
ronmental commitments and the roll out of new working 
methods (remote work, collaboration, remote management, 
etc.), also provided new avenues for exploring how better to 
support those objectives.
Ceva’s aim is to maintain this momentum and integrate a 
culture of dialogue into its DNA, so as to make it a real driver 
of continuous improvement and commitment.
Performance indicators
DPEF / 2020
10
*The scope for 2020 included the industrial sites at Juatuba, Paulinia, Campinas, Huadu, Ebvac, Libourne, Laval, Loudeac, Budapest, Lenexa, Cavriago, 
Porto Empedocle, Cuernavaca, and Verona. It covered employees and temporary workers from 17 industrial sites and campuses under the supervision of 
the GMSQ Department, representing 42% of the Group’s employees and temporary workers in 2020.       
In 2021, Ceva greatly extended the scope of this indicator, since it now covers all the Group’s permanent employees (excluding temporary workers).
DPEF / 2021
10
Ceva’s ambition for growth is based on the ability of its 
employees to take initiatives and collaborate.  It is driven 
by their commitment and development. Ceva also stands 
out on the market because of its solution-oriented, cus-
tomer-focused know-how. 
Ceva’s strategy is implemented by a leadership and 
management responsible for guiding their teams toward 
the development of «best in class» skills, and creating 
the conditions for high-performance autonomy and 
expanded spheres of responsibility for all. Ceva’s leaders 
and managers have an essential role to play in ensuring 
appeal, retention, performance and development in Ceva 
teams. 
That’s why Ceva supports the development of everyone’s 
skills: whether employees, managers or leaders. In 2021, 
Ceva strengthened its business culture based on the 24 
new job types created in 2020, promoting new working 
methods rooted in independence and responsibility. 
Spreading a culture of independence and 
responsibility
Ceva seeks to foster autonomy and increased responsi-
bility. In 2021, Ceva reinforced this culture by encouraging 
remote and autonomous working practices, particularly 
in certain laboratories (on a smaller scale than offices) 
and promoting interaction beyond the workplace in pro-
ject-focused groups, with the creation of remote work 
communities.  
After defining the roles, responsibilities and technical 
skills of the 24 job families in all its occupational divi-
sions, Ceva set ambitious new standards of responsi-
bility, technical skills and soft skills, allowing employees 
to flourish and develop in their jobs, while also enhancing 
their employability. Skills management, hiring mana-
gement and talent development management have all 
been comprehensively reviewed in light of the highest 
standards on the market, under the supervision of the 
Human Resources Department, with assistance from the 
directors of our job families. Employees from the various 
job families took part in this review, to account for the 
reality on the ground.  
Supporting individual career paths
Ceva has established individualized pathways for the 
development of skills and careers. The annual supervisory 
interview for the various job positions focuses on res-
ponsibilities, as well as on behavioral and technical skills. 
Employees can then work together with their managers 
to design personal development plans, reflecting their 
career and mobility goals and their training needs. 
Beyond these highlights, Ceva’s culture also encourages 
the provision of individual feedback throughout the year 
through regular meetings with managers.
Identifying talents and forecasting trends 
at the Group level 
The Human Resources Department identifies the skills 
required by the Group in the medium and long term. It 
anticipates strategic changes by taking a forward-looking 
view of our occupational divisions. It develops skills deve-
lopment programs and training plans.
At Ceva’s annual staff reviews, the talents and skills of each 
employee are appraised. The Group can thus offer deve-
lopment and career opportunities to everyone, as part of 
a dynamic process of collective development. After this 
general review, Ceva draws up individual development 
plans for emerging talent, high potential talent and suc-
cessors to key or critical positions. Career committees, 
first established in France in 2021, regularly monitor these 
development plans. They will be rolled out Group-wide 
between 2022 and 2024. 
2.B  EMPLOYEE INDEPENDENCE,  
RESPONSIBILITY AND  
DEVELOPMENT
DPEF / 2021
11
Providing support to managers and leaders 
to help grow their teams 
Support for development projects includes coaching and 
mentoring offerings as well as two training programs for 
executives: “We Lead”, for the top 100 leaders, and “We 
Manage” for managers. In 2021, Ceva rolled out the “We 
Manage the New Normal” module for team management 
in all countries, as part of our new independence and res-
ponsibility-based working methods.
Also in 2021, the Human Resources Department released 
a management support booklet. The booklet details 
Ceva’s managerial practices and specifies the Group’s 
expectations in regard to leadership qualities. It presents 
the processes available to managers and directors to 
help their teams develop their skills and advance in their 
careers at Ceva, in particular: 
• the annual interview, covering their responsibilities, 
skills and individual targets;
• the development plan, covering their career and mobility 
goals and their training needs;
• 
the development of a culture of continuous feedback, and 
of reciprocal feedback between managers and their teams.
Spreading a culture of continuous learning
Ceva employees have expressed the need for continuous 
improvement of their technical and managerial skills. To 
provide them with support to this end, Ceva has been 
increasing its professional training offerings over the past 
three years. The Group’s professional training offerings for 
employees are available in several formats: e-learning, face-
to-face training, coaching and mentoring. In 2021 Ceva 
provided training, in particular, in project management, 
facilitation and general management. 
In 2021, Ceva rolled out new formats for training, alter-
nating between distance learning in collective and 
working groups and in-person learning, and strengthened 
its culture of continuous and multifaceted learning, as its 
development vision is driven equally by the development 
of learning communities, networks within occupational 
divisions, and continuous feedback processes. 
To this end, Ceva established «Ceva University,» developing 
training courses for each of the Group’s 24 job families. 
 
* For the training indicator, the scope includes the French sites of Libourne, Laval and Loudéac, which represent 21% of the Group’s workforce, whereas 
group-level figures will be integrated into the Group HR toolkit and the PeopleCloud training toolkit for 2022. Furthermore, this includes training courses 
implemented locally, as well as training courses on discrimination and harassment conducted at the Group level. 
Performance indicators
DPEF / 2021
12
Ceva respects freedom of association and recognizes col-
lective bargaining rights throughout its value chain, both 
internally and among its suppliers (section 5.b). 
Labor-management dialogue is a constructive approach, 
which contributes to the economic performance and deve-
lopment of Ceva employees. This dialogue is based on a rela-
tionship of accountability, trust and feedback, and results in 
appropriate and pragmatic solutions. Ceva provides support 
to both employees and managers to help ensure quality 
labor-management dialogue. 
In the countries where Ceva operates, labor-management 
dialogue addresses, at minimum, the subjects of workplace 
well-being, skill development, health and safety. Union or 
staff delegates work collaboratively with the management 
at various entities, together representing 68% of Group 
employees. This indicator was calculated as part of a survey 
of HR managers conducted by questionnaire. 
This widespread dialogue within the Group thus makes it pos-
sible for the Group to facilitate transformations and manage 
human resources in a responsible, concerted manner, suited 
to the local economic and labor relations context.  
Though labor, management and leadership have mostly 
concentrated their efforts on handling the health crisis over 
the past two years, substantive projects have also been ini-
tiated or continued in certain entities. 
For example, in Germany, discussions have been initiated on 
an overhaul of the performance and remuneration system. 
In Hungary as in India, these subjects are regularly discussed 
between labor and management. In France, the labor-ma-
nagement dialogue approach has included regular work 
meetings, as well as biannual reviews of the Group’s eco-
nomic and social performance and general strategy. In Brazil, 
labor-management dialogue and co-construction led to the 
development of a program for sharing the company’s profits. 
 
 
 
Performance indicators
2.C  QUALITY OF LABOR-MANAGEMENT  
DIALOGUE 
DPEF / 2021
13
Rate of employees covered by the presence 
of staff or union representatives  
2020 : NA
2021 : 67,6%
SOCIETAL
DPEF / 2021
14
MAINTAINING THE TRUST 
OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS
3.
The Group develops, manufactures and markets health products and 
equipment to help prevent and cure animal diseases and improve 
animal well-being and health. The sustainability of our supplies and the 
quality and safety of our products are priority issues for us, so that we 
can guarantee to animal owners, breeders and veterinarians the availa-
bility of effective products without negative health impacts, designed 
with respect for animal well-being.
The quality of our products reflects Ceva’s expertise and 
ensures customer satisfaction. It is a competitive advantage, 
to which Ceva attaches strategic importance. 
An organization dedicated to quality
The Ceva Quality organization has been strengthened by our 
communities (QA Systems, Sterility, Laboratory Communities 
and QA Communities at commercial subsidiaries), the defi-
nition of occupational families, and the implementation of 
daily team meetings on campuses and community meetings 
to ensure the compliance of the products manufactured and/
or sold by Ceva during the product development, manu-
facturing, distribution and marketing phases. The Group 
meets the highest standards for quality, safety and efficiency 
throughout the product life cycle. 
The Quality Department continues to implement the Quality 
strategy via the rollout of global processes (audit, batch 
release, batch recalls, etc.) applicable to the various depart-
ments and entities of the Group. It is in charge of harmonizing 
our quality principles, team training, and expanding the digi-
tization of these processes. 
At the campus and cluster level, the role of quality managers 
is to implement good quality practices within their jurisdic-
tions, ensuring that they are aligned with corporate pro-
cesses: applying internal standards and regulations, ensuring 
product conformity, safety, effectiveness and reliability, and 
ensuring that product distribution and storage is conducted 
under the required conditions.
Quality monitoring and control
Ceva’s facilities are subject to regular inspections by super-
visory authorities. Reports on these inspections are prepared 
internally and sent to the Quality Department.
The digitization of a number of processes such as document 
management and audit management has enabled our teams 
to continue to do their work effectively, despite the health 
crisis and travel restrictions. For example, the new tools allow 
supplier audits to be performed with the use of videoconfe-
rencing (with a connected robot) and electronic signatures.
In 2021, Ceva continued to measure the performance of its 
processes using quality monitoring indicators, while including 
the Innovation and Development (I&D) departments.
Safety of our products
The Manual of Good Pharmacovigilance Practices provides the 
essential elements for pharmacovigilance training and defines 
the local procedures to be implemented. Distributed at each 
site, it ensures harmony with the highest standards of pharma-
covigilance within the Group. 
Ceva’s Pharmacovigilance Department monitors the safety 
and efficacy of the products it markets in accordance with its 
regulatory obligations in this domain. Made up of specialist 
members - veterinarians, pharmacists, scientists and pharma-
covigilance technicians - the department’s primary mission is to: 
• 
report pharmacovigilance cases to the authorities in com-
pliance with local regulations;
• 
analyze pharmacovigilance cases involving the Group’s pro-
ducts reported worldwide;
• 
detect and manage potential pharmacovigilance signals;
• 
reassess product risk-benefit ratios and update product 
information sheets.
100% of our products, whether subject to pharmaceutical 
registration or not, are monitored via the Group’s pharmaco-
vigilance system. The information collected enables Ceva to 
improve its knowledge of the products and make their usage 
safer, in particular by updating the information on the instruc-
tional leaflets.
Furthermore, Ceva asks each new hire, and all employees 
once every two years, to take an e-learning course on phar-
macovigilance and validate their skills with a quiz.
Performance indicators
3.A  PRODUCT QUALITY AND SAFETY
DPEF / 2021
15
1 Best Practices for Laboratories, Clinics, Manufacturing, Distribution,  
and Pharmacovigilance (BPL, BPC, BPF, BPD, BPhV)
*Includes campuses and industrial facilities under the supervision of the GMSQ 
Department as well as products manufactured by subcontractors, together 
representing 80% of Group sales     
       
2020 : 0,05
2021 : 0,03
% product recall events vs. total products sold*
3.B  RESPONSIBLE PURCHASING
DPEF / 2021
16
771 M 
IN PURCHASES
Ceva sources from a large number of suppliers worldwide. 
The Group’s purchases consist of the components - i.e. 
materials and packaging items used for the composition 
of its products - and services it requires to support its 
industrial, I&D, sales, marketing and support activities.
Ceva is working to secure its component supply lines, 
so as to ensure continuity in the production and 
marketing of its products. Ceva also undertakes to 
include in its purchasing strategy the principles of its 
«Responsible Supplier Relations» Charter, ensuring a 
responsible approach to suppliers and fairness toward 
the communities in which they do business.
The Purchasing Department directs this strategy at the 
Group level. On Ceva campuses with large purchasing 
volumes - in France, Hungary, the United States, 
Brazil and Germany - purchasing managers apply the 
purchasing strategy locally.
In September 2021, the Purchasing Department took 
a proactive position on the Responsible Purchasing 
approach, which will be defined and rolled out in 2022.
Responsible purchasing governance 
The Purchasing Department has managed the organization 
of our responsible purchasing approach since September 
2021. In 2022, the Director of Sourcing and Innovation will 
be joining the Purchasing Department to help roll out the 
Group’s responsible purchasing approach.  
The Purchasing Department and the I&D Department, 
working together, have established the Strategic Sourcing 
Committee, a governance body that permits it to influence 
supply decisions starting from the definition phase of 
product development projects, and to ensure that the 
corresponding criteria are met when supply decisions are 
made. 
Finally, in 2021, Ceva created its Corporate Affairs and 
Communication Department; its director also serves on 
the Executive Committee, and can thus bring the subject of 
Responsible Purchasing to the management level at Ceva. 
Integration into the local community, 
applying geo-purchasing 
Geo-purchasing refers to the Purchasing Department’s 
desire to ensure that its indirect purchases are made as 
local as possible relative to its usage sites worldwide, so as 
to help develop local economy and local investment, and 
thus to secure its supply chain as much as possible. 
Ceva has added geo-purchasing to its list of indicators, 
measuring the percentage of indirect purchases made in 
the region of its industrial sites in France (at Laval, Libourne 
and Loudéac). 
Ceva France favors the use of regional suppliers for its 
indirect purchasing - such as supplies, equipment or 
services - which accounts for 43% of total purchases.  To this 
end, preference is given to regional suppliers during the 
preliminary selection process of its calls for tenders. Plus, 
at Supplier Choice Committee meetings, regional offers 
available at equal cost will be preferred. These principles 
are enshrined in the Responsible Supplier Relations Charter 
to which Ceva is committed.  
Beyond seeking to locally source as much of its supplies 
and materials as possible, Ceva undertook several other 
engagements in 2021 as well:
• 
Co-organization of a trade fair in the Nouvelle Aquitaine 
region entitled «BtoB Néobusiness,» with the aim of 
helping to stimulate the local economy and increasing its 
purchasing footprint in the region;
• 
 Partnership and functional approach towards local suppliers, 
to provide support for investment projects: Presentation of 
the «Cristal des Achats» prize on November 9, 2021, on the 
theme «Regionalizing Purchases» for an investment project 
at the Libourne site. 
From 2022 and beyond, Ceva will work to harmonize 
calculations of the geo-purchasing indicator, by extending 
its scope to include the Hungarian and American platforms, 
which are the second biggest buyers after France.
24 000  
SUPPLIERS
IN 110 COUNTRIES
DPEF / 2021
17
Building responsible and supportive business 
relationships
Since 2018, Ceva has adhered to the Responsible Supplier 
Relations Charter, developed jointly by the National 
Purchasing Council (CNA) and the Corporate Ombudsman. 
The Group thus undertakes to apply best practices in pur-
chasing from its suppliers, acting within a framework of 
mutual trust, and in particular to:
•  ensure financial fairness vis-à-vis its suppliers;
•  promote collaboration;
• 
 reduce the risk of mutual dependence;
• 
 integrate environmental issues,
• 
 ensure the responsibility’s accountability to the local com-
munity;
• 
 manage the purchasing division in a comprehensive, inte-
grated manner.
The Group’s Purchasing Department is dedicated to 
implementing and developing this Charter. In particular, it 
participates on its steering committee. 
In 2021, Ceva continued applying the principles of this 
charter in its relations with suppliers. 
Also in 2021, the position of Manager of Strategic 
Partnerships and Alliances was created, tasked with 
managing Ceva’s ten key partners, emphasizing the impor-
tance of the quality of maintaining responsible business 
relations. One of the tasks of the position is to increase the 
maturity of our supplier relations, while maintaining com-
pliance with the charter.  Criteria set forth in the Responsible 
Supplier Relations Charter are now universally integrated 
into Ceva’s partnership choices.
In 2021, the Purchasing Department created a training 
module, together with a questionnaire. The training 
program will be implemented in 2022, to ensure that all 
Ceva buyers are familiar with this Charter. 
In 2022, the Purchasing Department will ensure the 
proper implementation of the Charter within the various 
purchasing processes.  
Securing component supply continuity 
Ceva’s global strategy to secure its component supply is 
based on an assessment of the risks of its supply chain, and 
on a global approach seeking to:
• 
 diversify supplier sources, to the greatest extent possible, 
so as to guarantee supplies (Business Continuity);
• 
 work on going back to sourcing certain active ingredients 
and other critical components locally, using French and 
European suppliers;
• 
 secure existing supplier relationships over the long term, 
using contracts that address the primary risks identified;
• 
improve the monitoring of its suppliers’ financial 
performance, so as to better analyze their degree of 
dependence.
In 2019, Ceva performed an overall risk assessment for its 
supply chain, covering the Group’s twenty-five (25) most 
strategic products (the «Top 25»), i.e. the products posting 
the highest turnover.
Ceva has analyzed the key components going into each of 
its strategic products, and their suppliers. The Group has 
assessed their exposure to the following risk factors likely 
to result in supply chain ruptures: product availability, 
supplier solvency, legal risks, insurance liability, financial 
risks (in particular our degree of dependence on a given 
supplier), human resources, quality, compliance with 
regulatory requirements, business ethics, environment 
and transportation.
This assessment process enabled the Group to avoid 
being caught off-guard by the global health crisis and 
its successive waves since 2020. In particular, working 
with local teams, Ceva has set up targeted action plans to 
prevent component supply disruptions.
In 2020, Ceva further enhanced its risk assessment 
approach with regard to the supply of components. The 
Group reviewed its assessments of the critical components 
of its most strategic products and their specific action 
plans, to increase their stocks or diversify their supply 
sources, for example. 
This assessment activity is currently ongoing, and is 
now addressed in detailed action plans for each key 
component-key supplier pair, reflecting the severity and 
frequency of the risks identified.
In 2020, Ceva extended its risk analysis, beyond compo-
nents, to a global risk analysis by product manufactured, 
over the entire production chain: warehousing, inventory 
management, transport, asset availability, process 
robustness, etc. The percentage of products covered by 
an industrial risk analysis in 2020 came to 49.5% (in % of 
gross margin).    
Ceva has entered an agreement with one of its primary 
distributors, to have it perform HSE audits of the Chinese 
suppliers of its main components. Due to the health crisis, 
these audits could not be carried out in 2021. 
In 2021, no supply disruption occurred. The objective for 
2022 is to prevent supply disruptions in a highly volatile 
and competitive market. 
DPEF / 2021
18
Performance indicators    
*Includes the French sites at Laval, Libourne and Loudéac (excluding Ecat and Desvac), accounting for 45% of total indirect purchases, in turn representing 50% of all 
purchases.  
Ensuring the health and welfare of all animals is Ceva’s 
fundamental mission. And Ceva is convinced that 
veterinarians play a major role in this; thanks to them, 
animal well-being is assured. We therefore need to value 
and foster the veterinarian’s role. Ceva is particularly 
mindful of this since half of its Executive Committee is 
made up of veterinarians. 
Sponsoring the key role of veterinarians as 
protectors of animal health and welfare
Ceva’s commitment to the cause of veterinarians as 
protectors of animal health and well-being is nothing 
new. Indeed, 10 years ago the company established the 
Ceva Animal Welfare Awards in the UK to «celebrate the 
achievements of remarkable persons who go above and 
beyond and dedicate their lives to the improvement of 
animal health and well-being both in the UK and abroad.» 
These prestigious awards are open to distinguished 
breeders, veterinarians, veterinary nurses, animal welfare 
professionals and animal protection teams, who may be 
nominated by their peers, friends or family. There are nine 
nomination categories, ranging from Vet of the Year to 
Charity Team of the Year.
In 2017, Ceva extended this commitment globally, 
inaugurating the Global Animal Welfare Awards in 
collaboration with the World Veterinary Association (WVA).
In 2021, the WVA and Ceva Santé Animale organized the 
fifth edition of the Global Animal Welfare Awards, which 
was held remotely for the first time due to the health 
crisis. Two new categories were created: one for veterinary 
technicians and nurses, and the other for veterinary schools. 
The six winners, each working to improve animal welfare in 
their respective fields, were awarded a prize of €5,000. This 
partnership continues today, and the 2021 Global Animal 
Welfare Awards will be presented at the 37th Congress of 
the World Veterinary Association, to be held in Abu Dhabi 
from March 29 to 31, 2022.
After the WVA Global Animal Welfare awards prize 
recognizing the Veterinary Student of the Year in 2019, Ceva 
entered a new agreement with the International Veterinary 
Students Association (IVSA) in January 2020 to provide 
support for the Standing Committee for Animal Welfare, 
which sponsors national animal welfare projects proposed 
by student non-profits.
In November 2021, Ceva also agreed to provide support 
to its long-time partner International Cat Care (ICC) for its 
work with abandoned cats. The health and welfare of stray 
cat populations is a significant issue in many countries, and 
Ceva’s support will facilitate the creation of an international 
community with the expertise to improve the current 
situation.  In 2021, Ceva provided full funding for two 
scholarships to attend the ICC courses on «Cat-Friendly 
Homing,» as well as for the network’s communications 
activities.
3.C   ETHICS AND ANIMAL WELFARE
DPEF / 2021
19
Global Animal Welfare Awards 2021 organized by the World Veterinary Association and Ceva Santé Animale
The use of laboratory animals
The health solutions (vaccines, reproduction technologies, 
antibiotics, etc.) designed by the Group are intended to 
help protect all animals, whether domestic, farmed or 
wild. The development and production of these health 
solutions requires studies to be performed, for which the 
use of laboratory animals is necessary.
These studies, required by regulations, are closely super-
vised. Their purpose is to demonstrate:
• 
 the product’s effectiveness and safety for animals (in 
particular the absence of toxicity);
• 
 the product’s safety for humans, and in particular the 
absence of drug residues in products from treated 
animals intended for human consumption;
• 
 the absence of toxicity for the environment or other 
living organisms that may come in contact with the 
product or its derivatives.
In this context, and as a member of the SIMV (French 
Veterinary Pharmacy Association), in February 2021 Ceva 
became a signatory of the Transparency Charter on the 
use of animals for scientific and regulatory purposes.
Ceva’s commitment to limiting the use of 
animals (3Rs rule)
When the use of animals for research purposes is a scien-
tific or legal necessity, Ceva strictly complies with all 
regulations and accepted standards on animal welfare, in 
particular by its universal application of the «3 Rs» rule 
(Replacement, Reduction and Refinement):
• 
 REPLACEMENT: Limiting the use of animals.  Animals are 
used when no recognized alternative exists, and only in 
compliance with regulatory requirements for the regis-
tration of medicinal products or the release of batches of 
vaccines intended to protect domestic animals;
• 
 REDUCTION: Limiting the number of animals used, and 
the number of studies performed;
• 
 REFINEMENT: Continually seeking to refine procedures 
using animals, and determine endpoints for stopping 
procedures on an animal.
Ceva is a member of the non-profit organizations Health 
for Animals, Animal Health Europe and SIMV (the French 
Animal Health Industry Association), which work to 
protect animal health and ensure that treatments do not 
negatively affect animal welfare. That’s why Ceva works 
hard to develop alternatives to tests involving animals. 
In 2021, Ceva joined an international think tank focusing 
on ways to reduce the use of animals for purposes of the 
registration and production of veterinary vaccines. 
To further this shared approach, Ceva is also working with 
other partners, including the European Commission, on 
the European Union platform on animal welfare. 
Ceva is working to change regulations in this area, so as 
to better guarantee animal welfare and reduce the use 
of animals. This year, Ceva obtained authorization from 
the authorities for the refinement of an experimental 
procedure used in the development of one of its vaccines, 
by administering the vaccine by a less invasive route. 
In strict compliance with the regulatory framework, expe-
rimental studies involving animals are universally subject 
to regulatory submissions or pre-study approvals. Study 
sites are subject to regular inspections by local autho-
rities. To date, no inspection conducted by the competent 
authorities has reported any regulatory violation in this 
regard in connection with Ceva’s activities.  
At the same time, in 2021, the French authorities 
conducted an inspection of Good Clinical Practices (GCP) 
at Ceva: the inspectors did not report any regulatory vio-
lation in this regard in connection with Ceva’s activities. 
Ceva also ensures that its primary partners are in com-
pliance with regulations on the subject, generally per-
forming audits once every one to three years (no audits 
were conducted in 2021). 
In 2018, Ceva enshrined its commitment to animal welfare 
in research in its Code of Ethics and Good Conduct. This 
Code also stipulates that all persons involved in research 
and development processes must take appropriate mea-
sures to promote and support the welfare of laboratory 
animals.
Ceva has been continually developing Group-wide rules 
for animal studies. These rules govern internal authori-
zations for studies using animals, allow the verification 
that such use is strictly necessary, ensure compliance 
with the regulations in force, and authorize the tracea-
bility of studies. Using these pre-established guidelines, 
the Group drafted and published an Ethics and Animal 
Welfare Charter in 2021. The charter will be distributed 
to all subsidiaries in 2022, accompanied by an employee 
training program.
DPEF / 2021
20
Ethical review of activities involving animals
In 2014, Ceva Phylaxia Campus (Budapest) was the first 
to establish an Ethics Committee responsible for moni-
toring animal studies.
100% of Ceva’s experimental studies involving animals 
are reviewed by an ethics committee. In accordance 
with the Charter, Ceva has now extended these ethical 
reviews to cover non-experimental field studies 
including animals as well. These studies will be reviewed 
by an ethics committee in advance of their execution, 
to verify:
• 
  the presence of a study protocol:
 - addressing the application of the 3 R rule (Replacement, 
Reduction and Refinement) as for experimental studies;
- that defines endpoints resulting in the termination of 
study procedures for a given animal;
• 
 the preparation of the study in conditions not nega-
tively affecting animal welfare and its implementation 
by trained personnel under veterinary supervision;
• 
 evidence of the need to conduct the study.
Ethics and Animal Welfare Governance and 
Network
In 2020, the Group appointed regional Ethics and 
Animal Welfare Managers to supervise animal welfare 
at research and development and production sites 
containing animals. These managers, generally drawn 
from Quality Control teams, work to continually improve 
the animals’ living conditions, and to ensure ethical 
reviews of experimental activities involving animals. 
These regional managers also participate in the Group 
Ethics Committee, created in 2020. 
This Group Ethics Committee met for the first time in 
2021. It is tasked with ensuring compliance with the 
Charter, establishing a priority improvement plan, 
raising employee awareness, training employees, and 
finally, collecting and monitoring performance indi-
cators, which will be defined and validated in 2022.
Ceva’s position on the use of Antibiotics and 
Antibiotic Resistance
The use of antibiotics for the treatment of bacterial 
infectious pathologies is a necessity, required not only 
for the fulfillment of our animal welfare commitments, 
but also for the support of veterinarians in their role as 
animal treatment providers.
For the use of antibiotic treatments, Ceva goes by a 
simple principle: «as much as necessary, and as little 
as possible.»
Ceva’s Strategic Position in regard to Antibiotics is 
guided by 4 principles:  
• 
 The Right Person: supporting the veterinarian as a 
prescriber and user of antibiotics
• 
 The Right Product: offering a wide range of molecules, 
in order to provide the veterinarian with the right 
choice for a given pathology
• 
 The Right Time: offering diagnostic services, providing 
training in the rational use of antibiotics
• 
 The Right Future: continuing to invest in research 
and the development of innovative approaches on 
the subject.
   > Product Range Strategy
Ceva is fully aligned with the recommendations of 
the WHO (World Health Organization) and the IOE 
(International Office of Epizootics) in regard to the cri-
tical importance of antibiotics in veterinary medicine 
vis-à-vis the risk of developing antibiotic resistance 
(both for human and animal health).
Ceva prohibits the use of any drug classified in category 
A (Avoid). Drugs in Category B (Restrict) account for only 
11% of Ceva’s antibiotics sales, while drugs in Category 
C (Caution) account for 43% and Category D (Prudence) 
45%.
Thus, almost all of Ceva’s product offering consists of 
1st or 2nd line drugs.
Insofar as its antibiotic product line primarily consists 
of injectables, it is important to note that Ceva is also 
actively involved in seeking to reduce the consumption 
of antibiotics in animal health care: over the past 10 
years the consumption of veterinary antibiotics has 
been almost halved in the European Union (from 
161mg/PCU 2021 to 91.6mg/PCU)
Ceva has also greatly reduced its range of oral anti-
biotics: efforts now focus on injectable products (more 
than 50% of sales), which are individual treatments, 
and thus expose commensal flora to the risks of trans-
mitting antibiotic resistance to a lesser degree.
DPEF / 2021
21
   > Training in the proper use of antibiotics
 
Ceva is a recognized leader in the veterinary world for 
its support of good practices in the use of antibiotics. As 
such, Ceva publishes two works now considered autho-
ritative in the animal health world.
• 
 The GRAM (Guidance for the rational use of antimicro-
bials), a reference book (2nd edition, 500 pages) on the 
use of antibiotics in domestic animal medicine. The 
book was co-authored by world-renowned experts 
and Ceva’s technical teams, and covers the proper 
antibiotic treatments to be used for all infectious 
pathologies of dogs and cats. The GRAM is also used 
as a reference resource in veterinarian training pro-
grams (some of which qualify students for continuing 
education credits) conducted worldwide throughout 
the year.
• 
 «CEVOLUTION» is a similar program intended for 
use with livestock; it includes several different 
booklets addressing the various scientific aspects 
(Pharmacokinetics, mode of development of resis-
tance, etc.) that need to be applied for the proper use 
of antibiotics in the treatment of infectious diseases 
in farmed animals. CEVOLUTION is also used as a refe-
rence resource in webinars regularly organized for the 
training of veterinarians.
   > R&D and anti-infectives 
Ceva is very strongly committed to the prevention of 
infectious diseases; to this end, it therefore contributes 
to preventing the emergence of pathologies, so as to 
reduce the use of antibiotics to treat sick animals.
Indeed, 55% of the I&D budget is devoted to the deve-
lopment of vaccines (and in particular autovaccines, 
specific to a particular farm herd), and of the other 45% 
devoted to medications, only 15 to 20% is devoted to 
research into new antibiotics.
I&D efforts in connection with anti-microbials are 
devoted to the development of new injectable formula-
tions, to help foster individual treatments. Development 
programs have been undertaken to bring back old 
drugs (first-line) that have fallen into disuse by veteri-
narians (new formulations, new indications, etc.).
Ceva is also committed to the development of «repur-
posed» existing veterinary drugs that have demons-
trated previously unknown antimicrobial effects: this 
project has the dual advantage of conserving veterinary 
medications and at the same time offering new drugs 
specifically for this kind of animal medicine.
Special mention should also be made of the work 
conducted in 2021 to address antibiotic resistance in 
developing a new indication for an old drug: for the first 
time in the veterinary world, a field study was conducted 
by Ceva on a large cattle population, focusing on the 
impact on the intestinal commensal flora of a treatment 
being offered for an infectious digestive disease. After 
marketing authorization is obtained, these projects will 
be the subject of various publications.
Ceva in partnership with the CEESA (Executive Animal 
Health Study Center) also maintains up-to-date collec-
tions of field bacterial strains, and regularly monitors 
the sensitivity of these bacteria to the antibiotics deve-
loped. This information is also provided as part of the 
proposed marketing authorization filings.
Performance indicators
The work of collecting and consolidating indicators cor-
responding to this risk for the NFPS is now underway.
DPEF / 2021
22
Cevolution - Program for the proper use of antibiotics.
GRAM - A reference book on the use of antibiotics in domestic 
animal medicine.
ENVIRONMENT
REDUCING OUR  
ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT
4.
Ceva’s ambition is to limit the environmental impact of all of its activities, 
whether in terms of waste production, emissions to air, water and soil, 
water and energy consumption levels, or CO2 emissions. Ceva’s environ-
mental actions primarily involve ensuring that the Group’s industrial acti-
vity is compliant with national or European regulations. These actions are 
being implemented locally by the HSE teams, in close collaboration with 
the teams responsible for the infrastructures. Ceva’s aim is to aggregate 
the actions taken at its various sites into a Group-wide environmental 
action plan. 
In accordance with regulatory requirements, Ceva contracts with an 
external provider to handle the management and destruction of health-
care waste with infectious and similar risks.
DPEF / 2021
23
Since the end of 2017, the Libourne plant has 
applied a comprehensive environmental policy. 
It is known as C-Green, and pertains to industrial 
waste treatment and the reduction of gas, elec-
tricity and water consumption levels. 
- Since an increase in its production activities has 
led to an increase in its industrial wastewater pro-
duction, the plant has implemented an industrial 
water management system. 
- The site performed a study on effluent sorting 
at the source, and renovated its wastewater 
treatment plant. Effluents containing material 
content, excipients or detergents are now treated 
by evapoconcentration. 
- The plant has also implemented daily monitoring 
of electricity, gas and fluid consumption levels and 
environmental performance indicators. 
4.A  IMPLEMENTATION OF CSR AND HSE 
GOVERNANCE
In 2021, Ceva created its Corporate Affairs and 
Communication Department. This new entity, in parti-
cular, will be in charge of the Group’s ESG (Environmental, 
Social and Governance) strategy. Starting in 2022, the 
creation of a Group HSE Department has also been 
approved. These units, operating synergistically, will 
help Ceva structure its organization, roadmap, and 
operational activities so as to reduce its environmental 
impact. The HSE charter will be defined and approved in 
2022 with the arrival of the HSE director. 
4.B  CARBON FOOTPRINT, CONSUMPTION 
AND WASTE MANAGEMENT
Ceva has conducted an initial carbon assessment (scopes 
1 and 2) for the years 2019 and 2020. The assessment 
covered 10 industrial sites selected from among the 
Group’s largest, accounting in 2020 for 57% of Ceva’s 
workforce and around 80% of its commercial vehicle fleet. 
In 2021, Ceva extended the scope of this study to include 
all its production and research and development sites. The 
20% of group employees not covered will be counted in 
future calculations for Scope 3 in the Upstream leased 
assets section, since they work in leased office spaces.
This carbon footprint assessment is the starting point for 
Ceva’s approach to reducing its greenhouse gas emissions. 
In 2022, the Group will set a reduction target and make 
recommendations to achieve it.
Ceva will establish pilot actions to reduce its energy 
consumption and carbon footprint at its production sites, 
such as energy diagnostics and concrete impact reduction 
projects. The Group will also focus its efforts on integrating 
energy efficiency criteria into its new construction pro-
jects.
In 2021, Ceva worked towards the development of a 
carbon footprint assessment on indirect emissions across 
its entire value chain (scope 3). The initial results will come 
out in the first quarter of 2022, and will allow the Group to 
map its primary indirect impact sites in order to focus its 
efforts at those locations in the future.
DPEF / 2021
24
The Libourne plant, an environmental 
pioneer 
The Group’s eleven (11) most strategic production sites were audited by an external organization specializing in HSE 
between 2017 and 2019. The audit campaign was suspended in 2020 due to the Covid-19 crisis, and will resume as 
soon as health security conditions allow (section 2.a). 
These audits identify and propose any corrective measures necessary for risks in regard to: environmental management, 
atmospheric emissions, water supplies, waste management, storage and handling of hazardous products, environ-
mental noise, nuisances and complaints, or ozone depleting substances.
*The scope for 2020 included 10 industrial sites selected from among the Ceva’s largest, accounting for 57% of Ceva’s workforce and around 80% of 
its commercial vehicle fleet.
*The scope for 2021 covers 100% of production sites and I&D sites.
4.C  ENVIRONMENTAL AUDITS
DPEF / 2021
25
Performance indicators
HUMAN  
RIGHTS
RESPECT FOR HUMAN  
RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL  
FREEDOMS
5.
As an employer and a principal, Ceva ensures that its associates’ funda-
mental rights are respected in all the countries where it operates, and 
that its products and services are developed, manufactured and marketed 
by its subcontractors with respect for human rights and fundamental 
freedoms. 
DPEF / 2021
26
For organizational and operational purposes, Ceva processes 
personal data, in particular that of its employees, customers 
and partners. The Group undertakes to protect the per-
sonal data it processes in order to guarantee respect for the 
privacy of individuals. 
Monitoring the protection of personal data 
and privacy
The Group Data Protection Officer (DPO) advises the Group 
on these matters. This officer is in charge of ensuring com-
pliance with obligations under the General Personal Data 
Protection Regulation (GDPR), and ensuring that privacy is 
protected. The DPO prepares an action plan to be imple-
mented by local correspondents for our occupational divi-
sions and our European subsidiaries.
Ceva’s Code of Ethics and Good Conduct also includes obli-
gations relating to data confidentiality and IT security. The 
Group has designed procedures to guide the response to 
complaints and how to handle requests to exercise rights, 
and measures to be taken in case of personal data breaches 
or leaks. 
Ceva publishes its Data Privacy Policy and its Cookies Policy 
on its website. These provide information on how Ceva col-
lects and uses certain personal data and on the resources 
and rights available to individuals to control this use.
Pursuing regulatory compliance
In 2017, Ceva initiated a GDPR compliance process. The 
Group has established:
• 
an exhaustive register of data processed at the European 
level;
• 
tools to strengthen the rights of individuals and providing 
guarantees of their rights, such as the right of notification 
and consent, the right of access and rectification, the right 
to erasure via the right to be forgotten, the right of oppo-
sition and to request the limitation of processing, the right 
to data portability, and the right to seek redress;
• 
outreach to the various Group Departments processing 
personal data to ensure that starting from the design of 
new projects and by default, only the data necessary for 
the specific purpose of processing will be processed;
• 
an impact analysis conducted in advance of any pro-
cessing likely to create elevated risk to the rights and 
freedoms of natural persons.
In 2020, Ceva rolled out a new platform allowing it to keep a 
register of its data processing activities. This register is com-
pliant with its regulatory record-keeping obligations, and 
will be used by internal control to describe and monitor 
control activities. 
In 2021, Ceva created a training program to be released 
via its global training tool. This training program has 
been prepared in French, English, Hungarian, Italian, and 
Portuguese. Spanish and German versions will be released 
as well once additional videos are received.
The program will be part of the mandatory course taken 
by all new arrivals.
A program with a video more specific to HR will be pro-
vided for personnel in the HR division. 
Performance indicators
The work of collecting and consolidating indicators corres-
ponding to this risk for the NFPS is now underway.
5.A  PERSONAL DATA
DPEF / 2021
27
Ceva affirms its commitment to respect for all human rights, 
universal and indivisible. The policy followed by the Group is 
based on the fundamental rights at work set forth in the fun-
damental conventions of the ILO: 
• 
Freedom of association and the effective recognition of the 
right to collective bargaining;
• 
The elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor;
• 
The effective abolition of child labor;
• 
The elimination of discrimination in respect of employment 
and occupation;
The Group’s policy sets out the principles for its implemen-
tation, and for remediating any adverse impacts on human 
rights. This policy was formalized in 2021 as part of the “Social 
Responsibility” policy, which incorporates these core prin-
ciples. 
Prevention of harassment and discrimination
Ceva bases none of its decisions on discrimination criteria 
prohibited by French law and international conventions, in 
particular based on origin, sex, age, disability, creed, etc.  The 
Group takes particular care to ensure that these criteria are 
not involved in any decision involving employees’ career 
paths (hiring, training, promotion, dismissal, etc.) or treatment 
(benefits, compensation, insurance, etc.). On the contrary, 
Ceva is committed to promoting diversity. 
The Group also prohibits any form of physical or verbal haras-
sment, and strives to create the conditions for a respectful 
working environment. 
The Code of Ethics and Good Conduct, as well as several 
procedures in place at our local entities, include these essen-
tials and provide penalties for non-compliance. The whist-
leblower system gives everyone, whether an employee or a 
third party, the possibility of making confidential, anonymous 
report if they suspect or become aware of acts of harassment 
or discrimination. The Group undertakes to treat all whistle-
blower reports received confidentially.
In 2021, Ceva rolled out the training program backing its 
anti-discrimination and harassment policy Group-wide. More 
than 75% of Group employees have completed this training 
to date.
Monitoring industrial relations impacts in the 
supply chain
Ceva monitors compliance throughout its value chain with 
the fundamental principles set forth in the United Nations 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the conventions 
of the International Labour Organization. The Group strongly 
condemns modern slavery, human trafficking, all forms of 
illegal, forced or compulsory labor, in particular child labor, 
discrimination in hiring and employment, and restrictions of 
freedom of association and collective bargaining rights.
Ceva seeks to conduct due diligence on its subcontractors to 
ensure that their activities are consistent with:
• freedom of association and the effective recognition of the 
right to collective bargaining;
• 
the elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor;
• 
the effective abolition of child labor;
• the elimination of discrimination in employment and occu-
pation
Performance indicators 
The salaries of 80% of Ceva’s employees are considered equal 
for women and men, i.e., with a difference of less than 10% 
for equal skills. 
5.B  HUMAN RIGHTS
DPEF / 2021
28
* Includes 96.3% of Ceva’s permanent employees, the remaining 3.7% being 
employees for whom data on the currency of payment for their salaries is una-
vailable.
Percentage of female staff with a salary gap of 
less than 10% from that of male staff*:
 81,1%
2020
2021
 79,8%
Proportion of women in the workforce:
Proportion of men in the workforce:
Gender mix in management:
Gender mix among directors:
2020
2020
2020
2020
2021
2021
2021
2021
45,9%
54,1%
NA
NA
45,3%
54,7%
40.1% (F) 
20.3% (F) 
59.9% (H)
79.7%  (H)
ETHICS
ENSURING ETHICS AND  
FIGHTING CORRUPTION
6.
Ceva operates in compliance with the law and regulations, and acts accor-
ding to the principles of integrity, fairness and respect expected by its 
customers, investors and partners.
Ceva’s Ethics and Compliance Department works on the basis of the 
ethics and compliance program and the associated policies and proce-
dures. It promotes and oversees the application of the program, manages 
employee outreach and training, and conducts audits of activities. It also 
provides support to the various departments, to employees, and to third 
parties for the application of ethics and compliance principles.
DPEF / 2021
29
6.A  A COMMITMENT TO BUSINESS ETHICS 
AND ANTI-CORRUPTION MEASURES
The Code of Ethics and Good Conduct and related proce-
dures - anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and inter-
national sanctions - specify rules of conduct, principles 
of action and ethical obligations to be observed by all 
employees in their daily activities, in particular in the fol-
lowing areas:
• Efforts to combat corruption;
• 
Efforts to combat money laundering and the financing 
of terrorism;
• 
Laws and regulations on embargoes, boycotts and 
trade sanctions;
• 
Fair competition;
• 
Conflicts of interest.
The Code also provides policies and responsibilities in 
regard to health and safety (section 2.a), quality and inno-
vation (section 3.a), animal welfare (section 3.c), and IT 
security. 
In 2021, as part of efforts to combat corruption, Ceva 
implemented a procedure for gifts and hospitality, with 
a regularly updated FAQ. This procedure now requires 
employees to submit a form declaring any gifts or hospi-
tality offered or received.  
In 2021, Ceva developed its verification process, by which 
all new customers are checked for compliance with inter-
national sanctions and anti-corruption measures before 
being approved. In 2022, Ceva will roll out its new cus-
tomer verification process for application at subsidiaries 
still not wholly integrated. 
The Compliance Committee, made up of regional repre-
sentatives of that department, has met every month since 
2021 to discuss Compliance topics. 
A network of Compliance Sponsors has also been created, 
with a Compliance Sponsor appointed in each subsidiary 
and department of the Group to support the Ethics and 
Compliance Department in the implementation of the 
program and to act as intermediaries for their teams. 
Their initial task was to implement the gift and hospitality 
policy. 
6.B  PROMOTING ETHICAL AND  
ANTI-CORRUPTION RULES AND CULTURE
The Code and its associated procedures are available in 17 
languages and are provided to all employees. In France, 
Ceva sent out a brochure to all employees explaining the 
ethics and compliance program, and incorporated the 
Code into its internal regulations.  Employees can also 
consult an FAQ dedicated to these subjects on the Group’s 
Intranet. 
Ceva provides training to senior executives and employees 
considered to be most exposed to the risk of corruption. 
The Group has also designed an e-learning training course 
addressing these subjects, accessible to all employees. In 
2021, Ceva continued to roll out these training courses 
to new hires, and set up an automatic reminder for all 
persons having not yet completed their training. 
In 2022, Ceva will implement an Outreach Campaign 
for the ethics and compliance program, which will be 
assigned to all employees and available in 23 languages. 
The objective of this campaign is to promote awareness of 
the Code of Conduct, general anti-corruption principles, 
and the whistleblowing system. 
The Code of Conduct will also be brought to the attention 
of our primary business partners, who will commit to com-
pliance with the same in contractual clauses.  
DPEF / 2021
30
6.C  PREVENTING RISKS AND INVESTIGA-
TING ETHICS AND CORRUPTION ISSUES
Ceva has mapped the primary corruption and influence 
peddling risks at Group level, and has established action 
plans for activities and procedures posing the greatest 
risk. Among the actions taken subsequent to these ana-
lyses, Ceva established specific policies for its employees, 
implemented due diligence procedures for third parties, 
and expanded the ethics and compliance clauses in its 
contracts. 
In 2021, Ceva continued to update this risk map in 
collaboration with the various contributors and the 
Risk Department to ensure that it faithfully reflects any 
new risks to which Ceva may be exposed. Action plans 
were prepared to address each risk identified. This 
update identified priority issues, namely compliance 
with international sanctions, GDPR compliance and anti-
corruption measures, and defined the corresponding 
action plans for 2021 and subsequent years, such as the roll 
out of the new customer verification process, employee 
training in GDPR regulations, and the implementation of 
the ethics and compliance program outreach campaign. 
In 2020, Ceva established a due diligence questionnaire 
for its partners. This questionnaire is now used as part of 
the investigations carried out for all new customers. 
Ceva has an internal and external alert system in place 
to investigate any behavior contrary to or non-com-
pliant with ethics and compliance rules, or in particular 
with anti-corruption rules. This allows employees and 
third parties to report confidentially and anonymously 
suspected breaches to the Ethics and Compliance 
Department. This department will then examine the 
reports, investigate the facts and adopt the appropriate 
corrective measures if necessary. 
*Some employees in the target population were not assigned for the reasons defined in the methodological note (section 8.2.2.3)
DPEF / 2021
31
Performance indicators
Percentage of assigned employees trained 
in at least one of the Ethics & Compliance 
modules since January 2019*
55% 
2020
2021
66% 
CORRELATION 
TABLE
DPEF / 2021
32
Given the nature of our activities, we do not consider the following topics to constitute core CSR risks meriting 
detailed review in this NFPS: 
• Social commitment to ensuring sustainable development
• Social commitment to supporting the circular economy
• Social commitment to reducing food waste
• Social commitment to reducing food insecurity
• Social commitment to responsible, fair and sustainable food system
Mandatory items listed in article L. 225-102-1
Reference  
Climate change impact of activities and usage of goods 
and services produced
Section 4.A   
Carbone  
footprint
Societal commitments promoting respect for 
animal welfare
Section 3.C  
Ethics and animal welfare 
Actions to combat discrimination
Section 5.B  
Human rights
Promoting diversity
Section 5.B  
Human rights
Measures to support persons with disabilities
Section 5.B  
Human rights
7.
Calculations for scope 3 are still 
being finalized, but this section 
meets the requirements for 
scopes 1 and 2
8.1. / ORGANIZATIONAL AFFILIATION OF INDUSTRIAL, I&D 
AND AUTOVACCINATION SITES
The Group’s governance is organized into different operational 
departments bringing together most of Ceva’s occupational 
divisions and activities, including: GMSQ, I&D, Group Operations, 
Digital Transformation and Autovaccines.
Each Ceva site or campus, which may bring together several 
activities (i.e., I&D, production, warehousing, distribution, mar-
keting, commercial functions, support functions, etc.), is organi-
zationally subordinate to one of these departments, depending 
on its primary activity. A campus is a site that includes both I&D 
and production activities.

IIndustrial sites and campuses under the supervision of the GMSQ 
Department 
Germany (Riems), Brazil (Campinas, Juatuba and Paulinia), China 
(Hangzhou and Beijing), Canada (Guelph), United States (Lenexa, 
Verona and Anniston), France (Laval, Libourne and Loudéac), Italy 
(Cavriago and Porto Empedocle), Hungary (Budapest), Mexico 
(Cuernavaca).
Other industrial sites under the supervision of the Group Operations 
Department
South Africa (Johannesburg), Algeria (Algiers), Australia (Glenorie), 
India (Pune), Morocco (Casablanca), Tunisia (Tunis).
Research and development sites under the supervision of the I&D 
Department
Germany (Dessau), Japan (Yokohama).
Industrial equipment sites under the supervision of the Digital 
Transformation Department
France (Brest - Ecat-ID - Desvac).
Autovaccination sites under the supervision of the Autovaccines 
Department
Germany (Felgentrager), Canada (Gallant), France (Angers), United 
Kingdom (Compton).
This list of sites does not include all of the Group’s subsidiaries, 
in particular its commercial subsidiaries, which are present in 
more than 40 countries.
8.2. / CORPORATE AND SOCIAL INDICATORS
The values determined for the Group’s corporate and social indi-
cators cover the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021.
8.2.1. / Corporate indicators
	
8.2.1.1.  / Human rights
	
	 
8.2.1.1.1. / Gender mix of Group personnel  
	
	 
Group personnel refers to the workforce (permanent employees) 
present on December 31 of the reporting year. Employees who 
left on December 31 of the reporting year are also taken into 
account.
	
	 
8.2.1.1.2. / Percentage of female staff with less than 
10% difference in salaries from those of male staff 
	
	 
L’Equal pay for men and women is determined on the basis of 
the classification method for professional positions known as 
the Hay method. Equal pay for men and women is obtained by 
the following calculation: female personnel at the Group as of 
December 31, 2021 with a salary difference of less than 10% 
from the male personnel by country and by Hay category/ 
Group personnel at December 31 with comparable salaries. 
Exclusion from scope:
	
-	 Expatriation 
	
-	 Hay category by country with only men or only women 
	
-	 Employees with no salary currency information available 
	
8.2.1.2. / Skills development
	
	 
8.2.1.2.1. / Staff turnover rate
	
	 
The staff turnover rate corresponds to the rate of 
renewal of the Group’s permanent employees. 
 
The staff turnover rate is determined as follows: (number 
of new hires on permanent contracts in 2021 + number 
of resignations on permanent contracts in 2021) / 2 / per-
sonnel (permanent employees) on permanent contracts 
at December 31, 2021.
	
	 
8.2.1.2.2. / Percentage of employees having received 
at least one training course
	
	 
A trained employee is a Group employee who has taken at least 
one training course (face-to-face or e-learning) during the year.
	
	 
The percentage of trained employees determined for 2021 
includes the Libourne, Loudéac and Laval sites, accounting 
for 21% of Group personnel.
	
	 
The training courses taken into consideration for the calcu-
lation include those implemented locally as well as group-wide 
training courses on discrimination and harassment. 
 
The percentage of employees having received at least one 
training session during the year is determined as follows: 
number of permanent employees having received at 
least one training session in 2021 / number of permanent 
employees present at December 31, 2021.
	
8.2.1.3. / Workplace Health and Safety
	
	 8.2.1.3.1. / Workplace accidents
	
	 
A workplace accident is an unforeseen occurrence in the 
course of work, resulting in an injury or illness causing 
death, loss of consciousness, lost workdays, work restric-
tions, medical attention or job transfers. It does not include 
first aid cases. Home-to-work commuting accidents are 
not counted as workplace accidents.
	
	 
8.2.1.3.2. / Lost workdays resulting from workplace 
accidents 
	
	 
Lost workdays refers to the number of calendar days off, as 
ordered by a doctor, counted from the day following the 
occurrence of the accident.
	
	 8.2.1.3.3. / Hours worked
	
	 
Hours worked corresponds to the working hours of Group 
employees. These are determined on the basis of theo-
retical working hours. They are calculated every month 
using the average number of monthly hours worked for an 
employee in the country and all active full-time equivalent 
employees. This data is provided by the Group’s Human 
Resources Department.
DPEF / 2021
33
METHODOLOGICAL 
NOTE   
8.
	
	 
8.2.1.3.4. / Lost-time workplace accident frequency 
rate
	
	 
The lost-time workplace accident frequency rate corres-
ponds to the number of accidents that by order of a health 
professional must result in a work stoppage lasting one or 
more day after the day of the accident, per million working 
hours.The frequency rate is calculated on the scope of per-
manent employees (excluding temporary workers). 
	
	 
8.2.1.3.5. / Lost-time workplace accident severity rate		

The lost-time workplace accident severity rate 
corresponds to the number of workdays lost due to 
a workplace accident per thousand working hours. 
The severity rate is calculated on the scope of permanent 
employees (excluding temporary workers).
	
	 8.2.1.3.6. / Reporting scope
	
	 
The reporting scope for these indicators covers all of the Group’s 
campuses, industrial sites and commercial subsidiaries. 
The frequency rate and severity rate indicators cover 100% of 
the Group’s internal workforce in 2021.
8.2.2./  Social indicators 
	
8.2.2.1. / Product quality and safety
	
	 8.2.2.1.1. / Percentage of product recall events vs. total 
products sold
	

	 
UA manufactured batch is a set of units resulting from a 
series of processes (manufacturing, packaging) conducted 
under almost identical circumstances. Each batch is 
registered and identified with a unique batch number. 
 
Batch recalls may be carried out following a report 
of an incident or accident during its manufacture or 
its use. Batch recalls are always subject to regulatory 
reporting.The product recall percentage corresponds 
to the number of batch recalls that occurred during 
the year, divided by the total number of batches manu-
factured during the same year, multiplied by 100. 
 
The scope of this indicator covers all batches of Ceva 
products manufactured by industrial sites or campuses 
attached to the GMSQ Department or managed by 
subcontractors, representing 80% of Group sales in 2021.
	

8.2.2.2. / Percentage of indirect purchases made in 
proximity to Ceva Santé Animale SA sites
	

LThe percentage of indirect purchases made in proximity 
to Ceva’s sites corresponds to the percentage of indirect 
purchases made from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 
2021 from suppliers operating in the same regions where 
the facilities of Ceva Santé Animale SA are located, in 
Nouvelle Aquitaine (Libourne), Pays de la Loire (Laval) and 
Bretagne (Loudéac). This scope does not cover the Ecat 
and Desvac sites, also located in France, which account 
for 45% of the indirect purchases made by the Group. 
This percentage is calculated as follows: total expenditure 
incurred by Ceva Santé Animale SA in the regions of its sites 
over the reporting period / total expenditure incurred by 
Ceva Santé Animale SA over the reporting period * 100. 
	
8.2.2.3. / Business ethics
	
	 
8.2.2.3.1. / Percentage of assigned employees trained 
in at least one of the Ethics & Compliance modules
	
	 
The percentage of assigned employees trained in at least 
one of the Ethics & Compliance modules corresponds to 
the percentage of employees who have taken at least one 
training course in at least one of the three modules - Business 
Ethics, Anti-Corruption, or Anti-Money Laundering- since 
the launch of the training campaign on January 18, 
2019 to December 31, 2021 (non-cumulative indicator). 
An employee is considered trained when the training 
has been validated - i.e., when the employee has passed 
the proficiency test accompanying the training course.
Assigned employees include employees in job grades 
16 to 29. Some employees in these job grades were not 
included (configuration error in the tool or change of job 
grade after the launch of the training courses), and some 
employees not belonging to the targeted grades were 
assigned. 
8.3. / ENVIRONMENTAL INDICATORS
	
8.3.1. / Carbon footprint, water, gas and electricity 		
	
consumption
	

8.3.1.1. / Methodology
	

Direct and indirect emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) were cal-
culated using the methodology recommended by the «GHG 
Protocol»:
	
• 
Scope 1: stationary combustion sources (natural gas, fuel 
oil, wood, etc.), mobile combustion sources (commercial 
fleets, service vehicles), refrigerants, emissions related to 
manufacturing processes.
	
• 
Scope 2: consumption of purchased electricity, steam, 
heating or cooling. 
The data needed for the calculations was collected from each 
entity included in the scope over the whole of 2021. The 
emission factors associated with each emission source come 
from national agency databases (IEA, ADEME, DEFRA, IPCC) 
and from data specific to energy suppliers. The most up-to-date 
emission factors were used upon their release.
	
8.3.1.2. / Scope
	

The calculations for scope 1 and scope 2 (excluding 
commercial fleet) cover all of the Group’s campuses, 
I&D sites and industrial sites. Water, electricity 
and gas consumption cover the same scope. 
  
The scope includes 100% of production sites and I&D sites. 
The 20% of group employees not covered will be counted 
in future calculations for Scope 3 in the Upstream leased 
assets section, since they work in leased office spaces. 
 
For emissions associated with employee business travel by 
car, the scope considered covers the countries where the 
Group’s main commercial fleets are located (approximately 
80% of the commercial fleet) and includes the vehicles 
operated by facilities management at production sites. 
	
DPEF / 2021
34
DPEF / 2021
35
 
 
 
Ceva Santé Animale 
Year ended the 31st December 2021 
 
Independent third party’s report on consolidated non-financial statement 
 
EY & Associés 
This is a free translation into English of the original report issued in the French 
language and it is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking users. 
This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, 
French law and professional standards applicable in France. 
AVIS DE L’OTI
9.
Ceva Santé Animale 
1 
Ceva Santé Animale 
Year ended the 31st December 2021 
Independent third party’s report on consolidated non-financial statement presented in the 
management report 
This is a free translation into English of the original report issued in the French language and it is provided solely for the 
convenience of English-speaking users. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French 
law and professional standards applicable in France. 
To the General Assembly, 
In our quality as an independent third party, accredited by the COFRAC under the number n° 3-1681 
(scope of accreditation available on the website www.cofrac.fr), and as a member of the network of one 
of the statutory auditors of your entity (hereinafter “entity”), we conducted our work in order to provide 
a conclusion expressing a limited level of assurance on the compliance of the consolidated non-financial 
statement for the year ended 31st December 2021 (hereinafter the "Statement") with the provisions of 
Article R. 225-105 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and on the fairness of the 
historical information (whether observed or extrapolated) provided pursuant to 3° of I and II of Article 
R. 225-105 of the French Commercial Code (hereinafter the "Information") prepared in accordance with 
the entity's procedures (hereinafter the "Guidelines"), included in the management report pursuant to 
the requirements of articles L. 225 102-1, R. 225-105 and R. 225-105-1 of the French Commercial 
Code (Code de commerce). 
Conclusion 
Based on the procedures performed, as described in “Nature and scope of the work”, and on the 
elements we have collected, we did not identify any material misstatements that would call into question 
the fact that the consolidated non-financial statement is not presented in accordance with the applicable 
regulatory requirements and that the Information, taken as a whole, is not presented fairly in accordance 
with the Guidelines, in all material respects. 
Without modifying our conclusion and in accordance with article A. 225-3 of the French Commercial 
Code, we have the following comments: 
 
• 
As indicated in the section "Employee independence, responsibility and development", the 
training indicator covers a partial scope representing 21% of the consolidated workforce. 
• 
Regarding responsible purchasing, the policy, action plans and key performance indicators have 
not yet been formalized. 
 
 
DPEF / 2021
36
 
Ceva Santé Animale 
2 
Preparation of the non-financial performance statement 
The absence of a generally accepted and commonly used framework or established practices on which 
to base the assessment and measurement of information allows for the use of different, but acceptable, 
measurement techniques that may affect comparability between entities and over time. 
Therefore, the Information should be read and understood with reference to the Guidelines, the 
significant elements of which are presented in the Statement. 
Limitations inherent in the preparation of the Information  
The information may be subject to uncertainty inherent in the state of scientific or economic knowledge 
and the quality of external data used. Certain information is sensitive to the methodological choices, 
assumptions and/or estimates made in preparing it and presented in the Statement. 
The entity’s responsibility 
It is the responsibility of the Board of Directors to: 
• 
select or establish appropriate criteria for the preparation of the Information; 
• 
prepare a Statement in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, including a 
presentation of the business model, a description of the main non-financial risks, a 
presentation of the policies applied with regard to these risks as well as the results of these 
policies, including key performance indicators; 
• 
and to implement the internal control procedures it deems necessary to ensure that the 
Information is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
The Statement has been prepared in accordance with the entity’s procedures, the main elements of 
which are presented in the Statement. 
Responsibility of the independent third party 
On the basis of our work, our responsibility is to provide a report expressing a limited assurance 
conclusion on: 
• 
the compliance of the Statement with the requirements of article R. 225-105 of the French 
Commercial Code; 
• 
the fairness of the information provided in accordance with article R. 225 105 I, 3° and II of the 
French Commercial Code, i.e., the outcomes, including key performance indicators, and the 
measures implemented considering the principal risks. 
As it is our responsibility to form an independent conclusion on the Information as prepared by 
management, we are not permitted to be involved in the preparation of the Information, as this could 
compromise our independence. 
However, it is not our responsibility to comment on: 
DPEF / 2021
37
DPEF / 2021
38
 
Ceva Santé Animale 
3 
• 
the entity’s compliance with other applicable legal and regulatory requirements, in particular 
the French duty of care law and anti-corruption and tax avoidance legislation; 
• 
the compliance of products and services with the applicable regulations. 
Regulatory provisions and applicable professional standards 
The work described below was performed in accordance with the provisions of articles A. 225-1 et seq. 
of the French Commercial Code, as well as with the professional guidance of the French Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (“CNCC”) applicable to such engagements and with ISAE 30001. 
Independence and quality control 
Our independence is defined by the requirements of article L. 822-11-3 of the French Commercial Code 
and the French Code of Ethics (Code de déontologie) of our profession. In addition, we have implemented 
a system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements, the ethical requirements and French professional 
guidance. 
Means and resources 
Our verification work mobilized the skills of six people and took place between November 2021 and May 
2022 on a total duration of intervention of about eleven weeks. 
We conducted several interviews with the persons responsible for the preparation of the Statement, 
including in particular the Purchasing, Human Resources, Animal Welfare and Clinical Methodology, 
Legal, and Global Manufacturing Supply Chain and Quality departments. 
Nature and scope of the work 
We planned and performed our work taking into account the risks of material misstatement of the 
Information.   
In our opinion, the procedures we have performed in the exercise of our professional judgment enable 
us to provide a limited level of assurance: 
• 
we obtained an understanding of all the consolidated entities’ activities and the description of 
the principal risks associated;  
• 
we assessed the suitability of the criteria of the Guidelines with respect to their relevance, 
completeness, reliability, neutrality and understandability, with due consideration of industry 
best practices, where appropriate;  
• 
we verified that the Statement includes each category of social and environmental information 
set out in article L. 225 102 1 III of the French Commercial Code; 
 
1 ISAE 3000 - Assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financial information 
DPEF / 2021
39
 
Ceva Santé Animale 
4 
• 
we verified that the Statement provides the information required under article R. 225-105 II of 
the French Commercial Code, where relevant with respect to the principal risks, and includes, 
where applicable, an explanation for the absence of the information required under article L. 
225-102-1 III, paragraph 2 of the French Commercial Code;  
• 
we verified that the Statement presents the business model and a description of principal risks 
associated with all the consolidated entities’ activities, including where relevant and 
proportionate, the risks associated with their business relationships, their products or services, 
as well as their policies, measures and the outcomes thereof, including key performance 
indicators associated to the principal risks; 
• 
we referred to documentary sources and conducted interviews to  
o 
assess the process used to identify and confirm the principal risks as well as the 
consistency of the outcomes, including the key performance indicators used, with 
respect to the principal risks and the policies presented, and  
o 
corroborate the qualitative information (measures and outcomes) that we considered 
to be the most important presented in Appendix 1; concerning certain risks 
(Responsible Purchasing, Ethics and animal welfare, Business Ethics, Product Quality 
and safety, Personal Data), our work was carried out on the consolidating entity, for 
the others risks, our work was carried out on the consolidating entity and on a 
selection of entities : Lenexa (United States), Loudéac (France); 
• 
we verified that the Statement covers the scope of consolidation, i.e. all the consolidated 
entities in accordance with article L. 233-16 of the French Commercial Code within the 
limitations set out in the Statement; 
• 
we obtained an understanding of internal control and risk management procedures the entity 
has put in place and assessed the data collection process to ensure the completeness and 
fairness of the Information; 
• 
for the key performance indicators and other quantitative outcomes that we considered to be 
the most important presented in Appendix 1, we implemented: 
o 
analytical procedures to verify the proper consolidation of the data collected and the 
consistency of any changes in those data; 
o 
tests of details, using sampling techniques, in order to verify the proper application of 
the definitions and procedures and reconcile the data with the supporting documents. 
This work was carried out on a selection of contributing entities and covers between 
12% and 18% of the consolidated data relating to the key performance indicators and 
outcomes selected for these tests (12% of the workforce and 18% of electricity 
consumption); 
• 
we assessed the overall consistency of the Statement based on our knowledge of all the 
consolidated entities. 
We believe that the work carried out, based on our professional judgement, is sufficient to provide a 
basis for our limited assurance conclusion; a higher level of assurance would have required us to carry 
out more extensive procedures. 
 
Ceva Santé Animale
5
Paris-La Défense, the 5th of May 2022 
French original signed by: 
 
 
 
Independent third party 
EY & Associés  
 
 
Philippe Aubain 
Partner, Sustainable Development 
 
 
DPEF / 2021
40
 
Appendix 1 : The most important information 
Social Information 
Quantitative Information (including key performance 
indicators) 
Qualitative Information (actions or results) 
Proportion of men/women in the workforce (%) 
Lost-time injury frequency rate (TF1) 
Injury severity rate (TG) 
Staff turnover rate (with resignations) (%) 
Percentage of employees who received training during the 
year - scope: France (%) 
Rate of employees covered by the presence of staff or union 
representatives (%) 
Health and safety (accident prevention, working 
conditions and well-being) 
Employee development (training, support for skills 
development, social dialogue) 
Environmental Information 
Quantitative Information (including key performance 
indicators) 
Qualitative Information (actions or results) 
Electricity consumed (MWh) 
Natural gas consumed (MWh) 
Water consumed (m3) 
CO2 emissions scope 1 and scope 2 (tons CO2e) 
Actions to reduce energy and water consumption 
Societal Information 
Quantitative Information (including key performance 
indicators) 
Qualitative Information (actions or results) 
Share of indirect purchases made in proximity to Ceva Santé 
Animale SA (%) 
Percentage of product recall events vs. total products sold (%) 
Share of female staff with a salary gap of less than 10% from 
that of male staff (%) 
Share of assigned employees trained in at least one of the 
Ethics & Compliance modules since January 2019 (%) 
Responsible purchasing (continuity of supply and 
inclusion in the local fabric) 
Actions in favor of animal welfare  
Actions to guarantee business ethics 
 
DPEF / 2021
41
